hey guys welcome back to let's play jun
3 what the hell is that hell am i doing
all the way over there I'm just going to
leave him now welcome back to doom 3
lost mission part 5 i'm your host of the
buck 65 and in the last part we entered
hell this is where this is I don't know
where the hell we are but out
okay and in these parts I'm gonna get my
ass handed to you by a bunch of flying
heads as general rule of thumb bah but
I'm gonna ignore that he'll night
because nobody wants to do deal with him
and everyone wants to deal with autosave
let's continue I don't know and we're
actually I kid you not we're at the end
of the game already I'm i kid you not
we're actually going to finish this in
this episode this is the last part of
this let's play and whether or not that
he'll night will follow me through the
door I have no ideas gonna follow me
through the third he may have given up
if he shows up and that will be just be
funny but I don't know anyway you think
that this is a boss area and you would
kind of be right actually okay a Marine
I'm receiving your signal from the
communication relays nope the
teleporters warming up it should only
take a few minutes
watch your back should only take a few
minutes I'm destruction from the energy
waves marine there are things moving
your way actually the suggested thing is
to leave your is to leave your plasma
rifle and some of your heart are hitting
guns for more bulky enemies because as i
did say right now all we're dealing with
are basically the minor enemies within
this if you called online each one's
kind of a copy to fight at in the first
place anyway but these are the more
minor and it means the more minor demons
you want to keep your heavier hitting
weapons because there are going to be
heavier heading enemies coming at you oh
so they do crawl out of the pillars
that's kind of interesting actually
the teleporter three twenty-five percent
capacity we should be able to read up on
duration for my call
that's a transference way
transfer sweet oh no I lost control of
the modulation now we have to deal with
3 m's and it's kind of funny but the
enemies will be just defeated in hell if
the teleporters worms up to twenty-five
percent well will we deal with these
three imps and I think a hell night
might pop through here I don't know I
don't remember but it'll jump to
seventy-five percent oh I was right hit
me with your best shot seventy-five
percent folks
okay i think a stabilized for now i'm
showing the teleporter there 75% just a
few more minutes and i should be able to
send the surge would wait wait a minute
I'd really something in curly
transference wave marine something big
is headed your way yep this kiss
requires the use of the bfg and run for
your life
this the bfg would deal with this thing
like super fast see
and we're done the expansion forgot full
power on/off
the teleporter yep we're done I kid you
not we're done that was it
you're gone dark star alluring to
service
darkstar confirm only a visual of living
to make up
nice work marine